in this video our three characters Emma, Norman
and Ray have to escape an orphanage what looks
like a beautiful and blissful home full of
loving siblings in the lovely foster mom at first
turns out to be a breeding
farm where children are bred
like livestock is and then once
fully developed fed to demons
now the demons in this world are real gourmets
as they are only interested in big brains
therefore the orphanage puts a lot of effort in
developing the kids in fact they put more effort
in than real life schools the more intelligent
the kit becomes the more valuable it is which
basically is the opposite of our reality of course
our three main characters are the biggest brainies
in here and this will lead to a fun chess
game between them and those that run the place
at the very beginning none of our kids know any
of the truths behind this establishment but they
for honest those neck tattoos gave it away the
second we've seen them i mean having borderline
facial tattoos with a font reminding me of gta
characters making up a five digit number as if
they were inmates of a federal prison i don't
know man that stuff is uh kind of suspicious
but they are kids and they have never experienced
anything else but what's happening in there so i
can't blame them for not realizing that they carry
numbers just like livestock does although that is
definitely a red flag now whenever a kid is being
adopted that kid is actually fed to demons and
the next victim in line is little connie when Emma
and Norman realize that connie forgot her precious
teddy bear they venture out to give it back to
her just when they have arrived at the main gate
and for the first time walk past it they come to
realize that the real purpose for their captivity
isn't what they thought it was duh i would
probably freeze in terror and stay down there plus
get caught in a quick second however if i were
in that position after having not jacked off for
a week i would rise up like superman would high
kick that demon in its face run up to that to my
well-trained naruto run skill and then roundhouse
kicker into oblivion after which i would pick
up her knife like a fortnite weapon and then
clear that whole place imitating onlyusemeblade
boom done but that's not how this works okay
first i don't have the budget to film that
and second this is a feature film and not a 10
minute ackermann skit but hey perhaps we will
get there one day so our two characters
are able to escape before they're caught
they get back home and have to digest what just
happened can't blame them but one thing is clear
they need to escape asap not just that but they
need to escape with as many kids as possible
and so the preparation begins whenever you need
to escape an unescapable place you need to act
cautiously and steady just like Andy Dufrense did
prepare diligently but don't let you be exposed
right the best way to do that is befriend your
enemy as if you were trying to get that promotion
from your slimy and ungrateful boss Emma has
a hard time doing that and we can't blame her
she's just a kid ever since she has seen that
whole thing last night she's been on edge she's
almost losing it when looking into her foster
mom's eyes the next morning that woman literally
breeds children here how many of our dear friends
and siblings have we let go throughout the years
thinking they were living a good life out there
when in all actuality their brains were slurped
out like monkeys in foreign restaurants this is a
terrible situation and we need to get out of here
but there are challenges we need to beat first
first of all our prison is surrounded by a
massive wall pretty steep wall as well if we were
only a handful of people that would borderline be
okay but not with over a dozen children also mama
seems to have a compass that can locate each kid
although if we're honest that thing looks more
like something to find the dragon balls which
not gonna lie would solve our problem instantly so
not just do we have to climb a steep wall with a
dozen children or so which is impossible to climb
unless you know how to manipulate your chakra
but i guess we don't so we need to take use
of either a good old rope or find something
that is also known as a ladder we also have
to avoid being located by that radar thing
plus somehow escape giant monsters that want to
eat our brains sure let's do this now at this
point in the movie our protagonists find out that
their mother is aware of their plan the fact that
she has blatantly shown the power of her radar to
find each kid by just one glance was an act of war
but it also shows that she is overconfident in her
ability to keep us under control that buys us time
before we continue to beat this movie though with
the help of mike tyson i might say let's look at
our character's next moves they need to convince
the other siblings and that's a challenge because
it's risky because if just one kid makes a tantrum
we are screwed the thing is one of the main rules
in this orphanage is that without hard evidence
of our conspiracy mom cannot contact the hq
for intervention so as long as we stay low key we
are good to go so three major things happen next
Ray joins the game the third and last protagonist
in this movie he's another genius and is a great
asset to our character's plot together they forged
their master plan by looking for clues in the
local library they find multiple cues hinting at
what is actually happening in this world the story
goes like this long time ago demons have overrun
humanity after years upon years of war and killing
each other the humans and demons concluded that
there must be a better way a way for both of them
to co-exist without the need of constant war the
problem is the only thing that demons can eat are
human brains yes this conflict sort of reminds me
of the conflict in tokyo ghoul although here they
solved it more politically correct i guess that's
what happens when you release a movie in 2020
anyway to settle that conflict the world was
split into two halves on the demon side human
children would be bred in various orphanages as
told at the beginning each kid will be served
as a demon-style thanksgiving turkey before the
age of 16. essentially they were born to die now
this would frighten me but it would also give me
kind of hope because if we aren't the only orphans
out there there must be dozens of other high iq
children and teenagers that would team up with us
if we could contact them then we could overthrow
that whole demon human conspiracy here just like
the animals sit on animal farm considering that
our three characters might would do well to escape
on their own first connect with the teenagers
from other orphanages and then free all other
kids with one carefully planned strike i'm talking
kids with guns okay kids with guns against massive
demon gorillaz i have also found this map online
obviously originating from the manga now as we can
see this map is perfect for a battle royale style
cleansing another interesting point though about
this map is there is literally no other way out
than over the wall and then over the abyss unless
of course we opt for a revolution and not for
an escape what are you for revolution or escape
let me know now whatever we decide to do we would
first need to get rid of our gps implants anyways
for that there were multiple options that we
could go with we could inspired by Van Gogh cut
off our ears that would be clean or maybe not so
clean if i think about it but it would be simple
or we could do what our kids do scavenge items
and construct a device that is capable of
electroluting our earlobes to short-circuit
the chip you can do that if you're a genius
i would do it differently i would summon mike
tyson version 28 june 1997 and have this dude
bite my ear off if you go to escape i mean you
got to do it with style right but it isn't all
that easy because mama knows what's up so
she employs another caretaker who in reality
is a ___ now not only is she a snitch nope she's
also creepy as hell if a man tried running behind
kids like this best believe he's not just
canceled he is brand marked for life the
second thing is new allies Emma, Norman and Ray
are able to convince a bunch of other kids about
what is actually happening together with them they
create a plan on how to escape with the other kids
they plan on using a rope to surmount the wall so
let me recap we gotta climb the wall dodge mama's
radar summon mike tyson for a second and perhaps
in the best case exploit the new caretaker's greed
to play her out against mama meanwhile we
find out that Ray in order to survive provided
info to mama as a spy at this moment though
this kind of comes in handy he traps sister
crony by telling mama about her ambitions
which leads to an early game over for her
a secret that we learn from that incident as well
is that each mother of each orphanage used to be
an orphan herself if this is true then i would
dead sure try to manipulate them emotionally
essentially try to get them teaming up with us by
using sentimental slurs that i have picked up by
watching average kdrama series you see apart from
sister cronin joining the house later in the movie
it was only one person mama that was taken care
of this place that's not very secure if you think
about it we have also learned that it sometimes
takes months until another kid is being shipped
for death meaning we have time another advantage
in corrupting mother lies in her knowing the
blueprint of the whole place with her sneaking
out picking up other orphans in other houses
is completely possible and with an army of high
iq children a 25 year old i mean caretaker in
the maid costume i really don't see the issue
here now before our kids can make the next move
mama comes along and short-handedly breaks Emma's
leg all right that's uh that's kind of savage
if i'd be one of these kids at this moment i'd
reconsider an escape and go for a takedown instead
you could armbar her into oblivion or smack her
hard like a russian dude in a slap competition
whatever you do you need to KO her then tie
her up gag her and then take the kids i know
that doesn't happen but i know you and me
both want to see that and don't you lie
anyway though Emma is taken out that means no
escape for her at the same time this happens
mormon's shipment has been set for tomorrow
this is the last moment to make a final decision
what would you do in this situation
give yourself up for your friends
or fight and see what's gonna happen now
what i would do is probably somewhere
on the line of slipping on some juice
while being on my way to cut some onions
with a big chef's knife while passing mother's
bed in the corner room upstairs and then of course
purely accidentally irreversibly injure her to
the point of no return and then i would probably
slip over the wall across the abyss until i
eventually slip into the human part of this world
sorry demons be gone jokes aside there is only so
much you can do right if you escape your friends
will be shipped instead of you which is not too
bad but kind of cheap if you surrender then it's
over and if you fight well you have a chance now
Norman decides to run away so he packs his stuff
says goodbye and goes climbing up the wall this
is the moment where he for the first time realizes
that there is a huge abyss on the other side
impossible to overcome without a proper plan
he returns is able to quickly let the other two
characters know about the abyss behind the wall
and then get shipped off let's have a minute
of silence for Norman okay thanks alright even
though we lack one genius now we do know the last
bit of the puzzle the steep cliff and that's why
norman is a hero but our characters do what great
characters always do escape with a bang now what
they essentially do is hide food and tools around
the forest that's a smart move because they have
been playing hide and seek almost every day in
the past meaning it doesn't appear suspicious
whatsoever then when the night finally
arrives we get a dramatic performance by Ray
yep that's what's up every good ending needs a
fire so what happens is due to the fire and Ray's
subsequent death mother is so distracted that all
other kids are able to escape you see right next
to Emma and now to see Norman is one of the most
valuable assets in this orphanage therefore she
tries everything trying to get through the fire
to rescue him this is enough time for our kids
to make their way to the wall and eventually
even climb up and as surprise would have it
Ray survived as well amazing and here is how he
did it he cut off part of his ear threw it into
the fire alongside some of his clothes and escaped
with the others and mama relying onto her children
radar of course wasted too much time to realize
what's going on now that was a pretty slick move
not gonna lie i approve to cross the abyss though
they have thought of a zipline of course they
have they are kids after all now can we please
enjoy the setting of this escape for a second
if i were a nine year old watching this movie i
would have fanboyed so hard i would have turned
into a fan girl however as much as i like
his conclusion in my opinion taking out mama
and trying to reach out to the other orphans in
different orphanages would have been the ultimate
showdown but the most interesting bit with
this ending was when even mother at last didn't
intervene and lets Emma escape meaning inside of
her there was still some humanity left proving
that emotional manipulation could have worked
well now since you know that i'm into summoning
mike tyson and caretakers and maid costumes well
what have you done would you accept your fate
as demon food or would you revolt and try to get
out of there well let me know thanks for watching